Docs: Mention group size hints in TopK patterns page (#22550)
MaterializeInc/materialize: doc/user/content/transform-data/patterns/top-k.md

ORDER BY state, pop DESC;
```
Note that the `ORDER BY` clause should start with the expressions that are in the `DISTINCT ON`.

## Group size hints

> When using either the above `LATERAL` subquery pattern or `DISTINCT ON`, we recommend specifying a [group size hint](/transform-data/optimization/#query-hints) to improve memory usage. For example:

Reviewer: Since here we are referring to query hints in general here, I'd refer to their definition/syntax, e.g.:
```suggestion
When using either the above `LATERAL` subquery pattern or `DISTINCT ON`, we recommend specifying [query hints](/select/#query-hints) to improve memory usage. For example:
```

Author: Done

```sql
SELECT state, name FROM
    (SELECT DISTINCT state FROM cities) grp,
    LATERAL (
        SELECT name FROM cities
        WHERE state = grp.state
        OPTIONS (LIMIT INPUT GROUP SIZE = 1000)
        ORDER BY pop DESC LIMIT 3
    );
```

or

```sql
SELECT DISTINCT ON(state) state, name
FROM cities
OPTIONS (DISTINCT ON INPUT GROUP SIZE = 1000)
ORDER BY state, pop DESC;

> ```

Reviewer: I'd suggest adding a sentence at the end like "To learn more about how to set the values for the query hints above, see the [Optimization](/transform-data/optimization/#query-hints) page."
